📝 [RUMF-1031] RUM browser: document technical limitations (#12666)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/browser/troubleshooting.md

**Note**: The following cookies have been used in the past: `_dd_l`, `_dd_r` and `_dd`. They have since been replaced by `_dd_s` in recent versions of the SDK and had the same purpose.

## Technical limitations

> Each event sent by the Browser RUM SDK is built with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each event sent by the Browser RUM SDK is built with the following:
```

> - the RUM global context

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- RUM global context
```

> - the event context (if any)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Event context (if any)
```

> - the attributes specific to the event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Attributes specific to the event
```

Example:

```javascript
window.DD_RUM && window.DD_RUM.addRumGlobalContext('global', {'foo': 'bar'})
window.DD_RUM && window.DD_RUM.addAction('hello', {'action': 'qux'})
```

> It creates an action event:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example code creates the following action event:
```

```json
{
  "type": "action",
  "context": {
    "global": {
      "foo": "bar"
    },
    "action": "qux"
  },
  "action": {
    "id": "xxx",
    "target": {
      "name": "hello"
    },
    "type": "custom"
  },
  ...
}
```

> If an event or a request go beyond any of the following limitations, it will be rejected by our intake.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an event or a request goes beyond any of the following limitations, it is rejected by the Datadog intake.
```
